with the popularity of sedans it's no
surprise there are so many different
models to choose from one of the first
things you might want to consider when
you're looking at a sedan is which size
you're interested in small sedans have
some advantages and some disadvantages
they'll generally cost you between
12,000 and 20,000 dollars because of
that small size they're generally more
nimble and more maneuverable and easier
to park in fact the better ones they can
rival the feel of a sports car on the
flip side that smaller size leads to
less room for the occupants inside and
generally they're not as comfortable not
just through this size but also because
they generally don't ride as well and
they're a little bit noisier than the
larger cars if you're looking for
something with a little more room and a
little more comfort for your family you
take a look at a midsize sedan there's
no question why these are so popular in
fact this is the most popular segment
across the country because they do a lot
of things well and depending on whether
you're looking at a base four-cylinder
or loaded v6 you could spend anywhere
between twenty and thirty thousand
dollars and the best mid-sized sedans
well they do it all they're fun to drive
their fuel-efficient there's plenty of
room inside and some of the interiors
they approach what you'd find in a
luxury sedan but if you're looking for
something with even more room you might
want to take a look at a large car these
cars well the best of them have an
enormous amount of room inside
in fact sometimes you can even cross
your legs in the back seat tons of room
in the trunk but generally they tend to
emphasize a very smooth ride and quiet
interior / nimble handling and they're
hurt by the fact that they are so big
and the other thing that size hurts is
fuel economy if you even have more money
to spend on your sedan you might want to
consider an upscale or a luxury car
these come in all sizes they're small
medium and large ones the small ones
they tend to emphasize a really fun
driving experience really agile really
enjoyable to drive the larger ones
they're usually pampering you with
quietness and a nice ride another thing
that you get when you opt for a luxury
sedan is a lot of high-tech features and
some of these are good but a lot of them
not so much I mean a car that promises
to park itself
come on but one thing that all these
features do is tend to complicate what
was once a simple everyday operation
there's a few other things you might
want to consider if you're looking at a
sedan
some come with hybrid powertrains and
then hybrid powertrain it offers
excellent fuel economy and now some come
with diesels and diesel power trains
they tend to have very good fuel economy
especially on the highway many models
also offer all-wheel-drive so don't
assume you need to get an SUV
if you drive where it snows and while
this humans generally offer a better
cargo carrying capacity most sedans
offer a fold-down rear seat which allows
you to carry longer items we put every
sedan through our rigorous testing
program over 50 different tests and we
found a large difference in the
performance of those cars so first take
a look at our recommended models use our
comparison tool you can compare those
ratings you can pair reliability and you
compare safety and you'll find a car
that you think might be right for you
take it for a long test drive and see if
it's a sedan for you